CASMISNT-5486: provide guidance on determining NCN xnames (#2782)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: operations/configuration_management/Management_Node_Image_Customization.md

        --target-group Management_Worker "${IMS_IMAGE_ID}"
    ```

> 1. (`ncn-mw#`) Determine the Xnames for Kubernetes worker nodes
> 
>    To get a comma-separated list of all worker Xnames:
> 
>    ```bash
>    cray hsm state components list --role Management --subrole Worker --type Node --format json | jq -r '.Components | map(.ID) | join(",")'
>    ```
> 
>    To get the Xname for a specific worker node, e.g. `ncn-w001`:
> 
>    ```bash
>    ssh ncn-w001 cat /etc/cray/xname
>    x3000c0s4b0n0
>    ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
1. (`ncn-mw#`) Determine the component names (xnames) for the NCNs which will boot from the new image.

   > If being done as part of a CSM upgrade, this will be the NCN worker nodes.  

   Options to determine node xnames:

   - Get a comma-separated list of all worker NCN xnames:

      ```bash
      cray hsm state components list --role Management --subrole Worker --type Node --format json |
          jq -r '.Components | map(.ID) | join(",")'
      ```

   - Get a comma-separated list of all master NCN xnames:

      ```bash
      cray hsm state components list --role Management --subrole Master --type Node --format json |
          jq -r '.Components | map(.ID) | join(",")'
      ```

   - Get a comma-separated list of all storage NCN xnames:

      ```bash
      cray hsm state components list --role Management --subrole Storage --type Node --format json |
          jq -r '.Components | map(.ID) | join(",")'
      ```

   - Get the xname for a specific NCN:

      > In this example, the xname for `ncn-w001` is being found.

      ```bash
      ssh ncn-w001 cat /etc/cray/xname
      ```
````

        --target-group Management_Worker "${IMS_IMAGE_ID}"
    ```

1. (`ncn-mw#`) Determine the component names (xnames) for the NCNs which will boot from the new image.

   > If being done as part of a CSM upgrade, this will be the NCN worker nodes.  

   Options to determine node xnames:

>    - Get a comma-separated list of all worker NCN xnames:
> 
>       ```bash
>       cray hsm state components list --role Management --subrole Worker --type Node --format json |
>           jq -r '.Components | map(.ID) | join(",")'
>       ```
> 
>    - Get a comma-separated list of all master NCN xnames:
> 
>       ```bash
>       cray hsm state components list --role Management --subrole Master --type Node --format json |
>           jq -r '.Components | map(.ID) | join(",")'
>       ```
> 
>    - Get a comma-separated list of all storage NCN xnames:
> 
>       ```bash
>       cray hsm state components list --role Management --subrole Storage --type Node --format json |
>           jq -r '.Components | map(.ID) | join(",")'
>       ```
> 
>    - Get the xname for a specific NCN:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * Get a comma-separated list of all worker NCN xnames:

      ```bash
      cray hsm state components list --role Management --subrole Worker --type Node --format json |
          jq -r '.Components | map(.ID) | join(",")'
      ```

   * Get a comma-separated list of all master NCN xnames:

      ```bash
      cray hsm state components list --role Management --subrole Master --type Node --format json |
          jq -r '.Components | map(.ID) | join(",")'
      ```

   * Get a comma-separated list of all storage NCN xnames:

      ```bash
      cray hsm state components list --role Management --subrole Storage --type Node --format json |
          jq -r '.Components | map(.ID) | join(",")'
      ```

   * Get the xname for a specific NCN:
```
